feat(cursor-bg-agent): docs page for cursor agents (#15307)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/organization/integrations/coding-agents/cursor/index.mdx

---
title: Cursor Background Agent
sidebar_order: 1
description: "The Cursor Background Agent integration allows you to launch Cursor background agents directly from Seer to help debug, fix issues, and create pull requests for you."
---

> You can trigger Cursor Background Agents from your [Seer Issue Fix](/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/issue-fix/) tab. The background Agents will be provided with Seer's Root Cause Analysis alongside the issue context. Seer's Root Cause Analysis will provide much needed context for the background agent to understand the issue and generate a solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can trigger Cursor Background Agents from your [Seer Issue Fix](/product/ai-in-sentry/seer/issue-fix/) tab. The background Agents will be provided with Seer's Root Cause Analysis alongside the issue context to help the background agent understand the issue and generate a solution.
```

## Install and Configure

<Alert>

Sentry Owner, Manager, or Admin permissions are required to install this integration.

</Alert>

> 1. Navigate to **Settings > Integrations > Cursor Background Agent**

Reviewer: Is this in Sentry? Our flow doesn't seem to work like this today, and I don't see this config on Cursor either.

Author: <img width="2840" height="1742" alt="CleanShot 2025-11-04 at 00 13 59@2x" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/15846448-0b68-4e59-875e-6c5fe080e246" />

It should be like this, but will reword from Cursor Background Agent to Cursor Agent

2. Click **Install**.

3. Provide your Cursor API key. You can find this in Cursor Account Settings under **Integrations > User API Keys**.

## Using the Integration

> Once installed, you can trigger Cursor background agents from the Seer Root Cause Analysis card on any issue. Click the dropdown next to **Find Solution** to launch a Cursor Background Agent.

Author: Added
